[Tunnel] Add a hint for workers + websocket error (#21076)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/cloudflare-one/connections/connect-networks/troubleshoot-tunnels/common-errors.mdx

- Your SSH or RDP Access application has the [Binding Cookie](/cloudflare-one/identity/authorization-cookie/#binding-cookie) enabled. To disable the cookie, go to **Access** > **Applications** and edit the application settings.

> - One or more [Workers Routes](/workers/configuration/routing/routes/) are overlapping with the tunnel hostname, and the Workers do not properly handle the traffic. To resolve, check if the Routes or the code can be adjusted accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- One or more [Workers routes](/workers/configuration/routing/routes/) are overlapping with the tunnel hostname, and the Workers do not properly handle the traffic. To resolve, check if the Workers routes or the Worker code can be adjusted accordingly.
```

Reviewer: can we add more specifics to "adjusted accordingly"? What does the user need to adjust?

Author: The user needs to adjust the route: so that a worker may no longer run on that path/hostname, and will not block cloudflared from connecting to the origin.

OR

The user needs to adjust the code: either skip the path/hostname so that cloudflared traffic will not be interrupted by the worker, or handles the cloudflared traffic properly.

---

I have discovered the issue when my zone has a HTML worker returning a static page for all requests to a subdomain, this blocks cloudflared from connecting to the origin behind that subdomain since my HTML worker runs first. After I removed the worker route, the issue went away.

> - One or more [Workers routes](/workers/configuration/routing/routes/) are overlapping with the tunnel hostname, and the Workers do not properly handle the traffic. To resolve, check if the Workers routes or the Worker code can be adjusted accordingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- One or more [Workers routes](/workers/configuration/routing/routes/) are overlapping with the tunnel hostname, and the Workers do not properly handle the traffic. To resolve, you could either exclude your tunnel from the Worker route by not defining a route that includes the tunnel's hostname or update your Worker to only handle specific paths and forward all other requests to the origin, for example, by using `return fetch(req)`.
```
